* Privacy Policy *

Vivek Bhookya built the PorNo! app as an open source app. This SERVICE is provided by Vivek Bhookya at 
   no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and
  disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
  relation with this policy. The Personal Information that I collect are used for providing and
  improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
  in this Privacy Policy.

––– Information Collection and Use –––
With regards to information collection, I collect the domain names of websites that PorNo! deems as
  pornographic in nature. These websites are saved to my Firestore database and are viewable only by me. 
No additional information are saved beyond the domains. This means that I do not contain 
  any information regarding a user's identity, usage of the application, email ID...etc.

––– Service Providers –––
I employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
  To facilitate our Service;
  To provide the Service on our behalf;
  To perform Service-related services; or
  To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal
    Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they
    are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
    
    Here is a list of the third party services used in PorNo! and their policies:
      
  • Google Play Services,   https://policies.google.com/privacy
  • AdMob,                  https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
  • Firebase Analytics,     https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/
  
––– Security –––
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
    commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
    the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot
    guarantee its absolute security.
    
––– Links to Other Sites –––
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be
    directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I
    strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over, and
    assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party
    sites or services.
    
––– Changes to This Privacy Policy –––
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are suggested to review this page
    periodically for any changes. 
I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy
    on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
    
––– Contact Us –––
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
    me at
    JVNNVT@GMAIL.COM

Feel free to visit my website for additional information at
    MRVIVACIO.US
    
       
* This privacy policy was created with the help of the following sites. Thank you, 
  • privacypolicytemplate.net
  • https://medium.com/@ali.muzaffar/did-you-get-one-of-these-google-play-developer-policy-violation-emails-6c529ceb082d

Thank you for your time ~
